感谢
  I am writing to extend my sincere gratitude for your meticulous care.every moment was a delight/unforgettable.
i'd like you to know how much you kindness to me.
  Firstly,Abundant thanks to each of your family members,it is your family's warmth /*and hospitable*/ makes me feel home.please remember
me to them. Furthermore,Your schedule of activities is very reasonable,I can't remember ever having enjoyed myself so thoroughly elsewhere.
last but not least,i do dying to have such a relaxing time once more.
  all in all my true gratitude is beyond the word's description.thanks all the fancy memory you brought to me.Best wishes to you.

建议
After in-depth understanding of fortnight
I am a loyal customer who have always been passionate about your product.Generally speaking,Your products are quiet exquisite.However,
I have some proposals for you to adopt.
 First of all,Considering that your goods are focused on younger generations,so catering to their tastes,such as novelty decoration,would surely benefit
   to your influence.
 what's more,tHe  High price prevent numerous of people from enjoying your products. if you are so kind as to lower the price apporpriately,we will very pleased.
 last but not least,Focus on quality.it's disappointing to find some goods of poor quailty recently.as we know,The importance of quality cannot be over emphasised.
  thanks for your prompt attention to my suggestion，I would be hightly appreciated.Best wishes for a better future for your enterprise.


申请/邀请
i am a student who have been contacting with you on the fast development of technology recently. now,on behalf of my campus
i wonder if it would be convenient for you to attend our celebration.
  The conference,focused on advanced technology,is organized by numerous of energetic dreamers.Aside from enjoying the collision of inspiration
  you will also get to know more prominent individuals. Further more,Considering that you are one
of the most influential person in the artificial intelligence field,Your coming will surely be my greatest honor.
  if you are interested in participating in this celebration,please fill you personal information on our school website.
The activity will be held in my school from 10:00 a.m to 4:00 p.m on June 12th.For more information,you can email me at anytime.looking forward to your attendance,sincerely.
投诉





call 872204778 or send messages to .com for an application and for more information of interview
i hope you will find these recommendations pracital
i am writing the letter to propose some pracital recommendations to you as regards your major
i apologize again for inconveniencing you in any way
another point i must point out here is that ,which has been ingored by numerous of individual
so it is very moment for me to do sth,and i wish your reply could be received as quickly as possible.at last i will appreciate your caring about my letter
english,as everyone can see it,plays a vital role in people's communication,so if anyone who really excels in it,not only could he improve himself in his profession
     but also strength his personal communicaion

To be psychologically healthy,one needs to be realistic in facing problems and not afraid to seek assist when it is needed
a contented person tends to be a
one,with no integrity,would surly earn the bad reputation sooner or later
reading is gratifying in its own way and can help prople relax an unwind
a great range of people are driven to do things in the most efficient way possible,which brings about
experimentation and innovation
As a student,full of visionary,i get online every day to disscuss news with other people on BBS,to study english
by registering for web courses,to chat freely through WeChat with my partner
Sometimes a winner is just a visionary who nerve gave up.
in recent decades,However,some individuals have become increaseingly concerned that China's cultural heritage could
become marginalized or even disappear entirely

over the course of thousands of years,the Chinese people have created their own unique customs and traditions,and
passed them on from one generation to the next.

intelligence
intellectual ability
become addicted to
be exposed to
Indulge in
civilization
